[WORRIED]
[ANGRY]
BONNIE
We're here!
NARRATOR Our heroes have finally
arrived in Coumarine City
site of Ash's next Gym battle,
and excitement abounds!
With its mild climate
Coumarine City
is famous as a resort spot.
Ooh! Gym battle, here I come!
And the Pokémon Showcase.
Alright!
You two are really ready.
Awesome!
You bet. Let's race
to the Pokémon Center!
‐ Ha ha.
‐ Do we have to race? Ugh!
Huh? Hey, guys, can we
get some ice cream, please?
[CURIOUS]
MAN #1
'There you go.'
Aw, cute!
And it's shaped
like a Vanillite!
Yep, it is.
That's because
there's a lost Vanillite
being taken care of in town.
It's so adorable,
it's become quite popular.
I thought an item
like this would be fun.
I want to see Vanillite, please!
[AGREEMENT]
MAN #1
It's at the Pokémon Center.
I'm sure Nurse Joy would be
more than happy to let you.
I'd like to see
the Vanillite too.
Sounds good. Let's check it out!
BONNIE
'Yippee!'
Wow. Vanillite ice cream. Yum.
MEOWTH
I want a big slurp, too.
Hey. I know just what we'll do.
[whispering]
[chuckling]
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know
you're up to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world ♪
♪ Is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Thawing An Icy Panic!"
Coumarine City
has so many Grass‐types.
BONNIE 'Vileplume and Jumpluff
and Budew, too.'
Wow, an Exeggutor.
[chuckles]
Bellossom.
CHESPIN
[APPEARING]
‐ Huh?
CHESPIN
[CONFIDENT]
[UNIMPRESSED]
CHESPIN
[DISAPPOINTED]
Chespin strikes out again.
Ah. I know.
'Scuse me, you're a keeper.
Won't you please
take care of my brother?
Huh?
Uh‐oh. Heh heh.
Bonnie, I told you not
to do this a million times!
So please think about it, okay?
[CURIOUS]
[chuckles]
Whoa. This is pretty steep.
I wonder if all the people
who live around here
climb these hills
every single day.
Come on, hurry!
Clemont, you too.
I'm doing my best.
[train horn blaring]
Huh?
Hey, was that..
A monorail.
Wow. A monorail?
I wanna ride it!
It looks like it goes
to the top of this hill.
I wish someone would have
told me that earlier.
SERENA Well, we can't
just turn back now.
A‐ha! I should have used this
right from the start.
The future is now,
thanks to science.
Clemontic Gear, on.
My Easy‐Peasy Mountain Climber.
The perfect device for making
any incline super‐easy
'and one hundred percent
effortless to climb.'
Alright. Ready? Power, on.
Wow, science is so amazing.
Come on, Clemont,
that's not fair.
Uh‐oh! No!
Hey, Clemont, what's wrong?
‐ Aah! It's out of control.
‐ Ah! Where are you going?
‐ 'Clemont!'
‐ Aah‐aah!
Clemont, are you okay?
I guess it needs a little
more research and development.
‐ Huh?
[ANGRY]
‐ Huh? A bunch of Victreebel.
‐ Huh?
CLEMONT
'Ah, aah, wait, wait!'
Why does Clemont
have all the fun?
I wanna get tickled, too.
Bonnie, hold on.
I think the Victreebel are mad.
‐ Hm?
‐ 'Aah!'
Clemont's in trouble.
Help him, Ash.
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[Clemont screaming]
Oh, no. Clemont, are you okay?
Yeah. I think so.
ASH I think the Victreebel
are still mad.
[AGREEMENT]
GOGOAT
[EXERTION]
[gasping]
PIKACHU
[SURPRISED]
What are you
whippersnappers doing?
This place is
strictly off‐limits
to the general public.
Uh, sorry. We didn't know.
I'm sorry, sir.
This is all because
my invention went haywire.
It broke the fence,
and then I ended up here.
Hmm. Yes, I imagine all the
Victreebel were mighty spooked.
Victreebel, we're really sorry.
[MOLLIFIED]
Uh, sir? Will you tell us
why this place is off‐limits?
Yes, of course.
This area is a pasture
for Grass types.
[HAPPY]
So I guess you watch over
all those grazing Pokémon.
Yep. Truth is,
this ranch belongs to me.
Grass‐type Pokémon
are just wonderful.
And Gogoat?
It's a Grass type, too.
Ah!
POKEDEX
Gogoat, the Mount Pokémon
and the evolved form of Skiddo.
'Gogoat is able to sense
its Trainer's feelings'
'by detecting small changes
in the grip on its horns.'
'This allows both
Trainer and Pokémon '
'to move together as one.'
That's right. And look!
Those are all my Sunflora
over there.
'By using the power
of their Solar Beams'
'I can generate electricity.'
The future is now,
thanks to science.
That's simply incredible.
Your ranch is so cool.
[laughs]
Guess so.
Tell me.
Where are you all headed anyway?
To the Pokémon Center.
Well, in that case,
there's a shortcut
that runs
right through my ranch.
If you take it,
you'll be there in no time.
That joint's where the lost
Vanillite's being taken care of.
We'll grab it as planned
and then use its cold air
to make Vanillite Ice Cream.
We'll sell tons of that tasty
treat and we'll make a fortune.
And then the Boss'll
give us another fortune.
Let's not wait another sec.
BONNIE
Hi, Pokémon Center. We're here.
Vanillite. Vanillite.
ASH
Excuse us, Nurse Joy.
NURSE JOY
Yes, can I help you?
WIGGLYTUFF
[CURIOUS]
Are you taking care
of a Vanillite here
at the Pokémon Center?
That's right.
There's a Vanillite here.
[chuckles]
Can we possibly meet Vanillite?
Please, oh, please, oh, please?
Sure. Of course.
[AGREEMENT]
You see, at the moment
Vanillite is being kept
in a cooled room.
Ah.
Where? Is Vanillite in there?
Come this way.
NURSE JOY Vanillite, come on
out and say "Hi."
[CURIOUS]
[HAPPY]
It's nice to meet you.
Vanillite's very friendly.
Aww. You feel so cold.
POKEDEX Vanillite.
The Fresh Snow Pokémon.
Vanillite is created
from ice crystals
that are illuminated
by the morning sun.
Its breath is fifty‐eight
degrees below zero.
If you get a little too close,
you're gonna freeze.
[shivering]
I guess you're right.
[AGREEMENT]
[HAPPY]
I can see why it's so popular
that they even named
an ice cream after it.
Vanillite's so cute.
But I would imagine that
Vanillite's friends and family
are worried by now.
I'm sure it's
very lonely as well.
We're going to have to bring
Vanillite back to the mountain
once it's gotten
its strength back.
[PLAYFUL]
[AMUSED]
Uh‐oh. It looks like
you're hungry already.
[AGREEMENT]
Okay. I'll go
and get lunch prepared.
[AGREEMENT]
I want to help
feed Vanillite, too.
Would it be alright
if we assisted you?
NURSE JOY
That would be great.
Why don't you come with me?
‐ Yay!
‐ This is gonna be awesome.
Don't you think so, buddy?
[INTRIGUED]
[SURPRISED]
[HAPPY]
NURSE JOY Ash, would you take a
bottle down from the shelf?
‐ Uh, how about this one?
‐ I wanna do it!
I wanna do it.
Cute little Vanillite,
lunch is ready.
And I promise you,
it'll be delectable.
[EXCITED]
[snickering]
Here's your
very own talking lunch.
VANILLITE
[SCARED]
[grunts]
Boxed and ready.
[panting]
‐ Excuse us.
‐ 'Coming through.'
‐ Whoa, hey. Watch out. Huh?
‐ Oh, no!
‐ Vanillite's not there.
‐ Not there?
I wonder if it could be..
Yeah. It was those three!
Ah. There they are! Come back.
Quick, Nurse Joy,
call Officer Jenny.
‐ Alright.
‐ Thanks.
[SCARED]
Hey, keep a lid on it,
ice head!
VANILLITE/MEOWTH
[PANICKED]/[STRUGGLING]
[SHOCKED]
[CALLING]/[WORRIED]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Vanillite.
VANILLITE
[EXERTION]
[screaming]
[SHIVERING]
Folks, everybody get inside,
and hurry!
Excuse me, Ramos,
what's going on?
Hmm.
[PANICKED]
Why is it snowing?
[CURIOUS]
I'm so cold.
What could've happened
that would cause
a sudden blizzard like this?
It was so warm a minute ago.
Over there!
It's them.
On second thought
I think I'll pass
on that ice cream
in this weather.
[CALLING]
Cool it. So to speak.
Alright, you guys,
come back here.
‐ Huh?
Prepare for trouble,
giving orders like that.
We'll take no lip
from a flash‐frozen brat.
To protect the world
from sticky fingers.
To unite forces while
the Twerpish threat lingers.
To denounce the mistreatment
of Vanillite thieves.
Dealing with you Twerps
is one of my pet peeves.
Jessie.
And James.
Team Rocket fairly freezes
with our newly
found Vanillite.
Surrender now or prepare
for an icicle fight.
This weather's not right.
SERENA
Not you guys again.
ASH What are you planning
to do with Vanillite?
JESSIE Keep your frozen nose
out of other people's business.
[all gasping]
JESSIE
Who turned down the thermostat?
‐ Huh? Did they?
‐ Huh?
[ANGRY]
[all gasping]
Maybe this crazy weather
is because of them.
POKEDEX
Vanillish, the Icy Snow Pokémon
and the evolved form
of Vanillite.
'Vanillish forms ice
particles in the air'
'by cooling it down'
then uses them
to freeze opponents.
Vanilluxe,
the Snowstorm Pokémon
'and the evolved form
of Vanillish.'
'Vanilluxe forms
internal clouds of snow'
'by swallowing lots of water'
'and can cause violent
blizzards when angry.'
[STRUGGLING]/[CALLING]
[ANGRY]
So cold.
Vanillite must've been
calling out to those two.
Maybe they're friends
of Vanillite
here to rescue it.
Team Rocket
give Vanillite back
right now.
JAMES
Not a chance!
JESSIE Not after the freezing
work we've done stealing it.
[ATTACK]
‐ Vanillish.
‐ Oh.
Vanilluxe, you've got to stop.
PIKACHU
[SHIVERING]
‐ Ash, come back.
‐ It's too dangerous.
ASH
Vanillish. Vanilluxe.
Calm down.
[AGREEMENT]
Vanillite..
I promise..
PIKACHU
[SURPRISED]
[shouting indistinctly]
Hold on, whippersnapper.
You'll freeze.
‐ Huh?
Alright.
I've got to stop those two.
Young man, attacking head‐on
can be a good thing at times
but other times you
have to take the side roads.
The side roads?
What do you mean?
Let me demonstrate.
Now, Jumpluff, go.
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Jumpluff, Sunny Day.
[SUNNY DAY MOVE]
[SURPRISED]
[all cheering]
Good.
Now, all my Sunflora
gather together as one.
[EXCITED]
Wow, I've never seen
so many Sunflora.
I wonder what they're gonna do.
Sunflora.
I want you to combine forces
and use Solar Beam.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
[SURPRISED]/[CONFUSED]
CLEMONT
'Look, Vanilluxe and Vanillish'
'are back to normal.'
Great! Thanks, Sunflora.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Controlling that many
Grass‐type Pokémon
at the same time.
'That guy's incredible.'
Warmth. We thawed out.
Being an ice cube stinks.
Alright, time for Plan B.
Now that's some
thawed thinking.
Yeah, let's turn up the heat
with our Fiendish Fever Freeze.
Alright.
[all gasping]
Ready for action.
'First we put all three
into the cold collectors.'
Then we turn it up
all the way to ten.
[DISTRESSED]
[PAINED]
Using their power
in such a manner
makes our Plan B
almost as good as Plan A.
MEOWTH
'And our Fiendish Fever Freeze'
'makes making yummy
ice cream a breeze.'
Time for you to do
that thing you do so well.
Give us the juice, so we can
whip us up some Twerpsicles.
[screaming]
[PAINED]
Let me explain.
Our brilliant device
sucks up the frigid air
emitted by this trio,
making it even colder.
It warms my heart.
Oh, wow, I have to admit
that is very good science.
What is this?
The Team Rocket fan club?
[AGREEMENT]
We have to do something
or we'll freeze.
Clemont. Serena.
‐ Let's work together.
‐ Got it.
We've got to save Vanillite
and the others.
Luxio, let's go.
You too, Fennekin.
[APPEARING]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Pikachu, we've gotta
stop that thing.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Bring it.
Love it when Twerps fail.
Wail.
Pikachu, Thunderbolt, quick.
‐ Discharge.
‐ Use Flamethrower.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[DISCHARGE MOVE]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Maxed out cool.
‐ I think it stopped.
‐ Huh?
Now, Meowth, why not grab
the entire Twerp group?
Hey, why am I
the only chump working?
I don't like this.
Gogoat, use Grass Knot.
[GRASS KNOT MOVE]
What's going on?
Something's gone awry.
Uh, looks like we're
dead in the ice water.
RAMOS
Excellent job.
Alright, Gogoat, Leech Seed.
[LEECH SEED MOVE]
Now's our chance.
We've got
to destroy the vent
that's been releasing
all of that cold air.
Okay.
Frogadier, I choose you.
[APPEARING]
Use Cut
on that machine's air vent.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[CUT MOVE]
‐ Awesome.
‐ Yes.
Well done.
[URGENT]
[AFFIRMATIVE]
[ATTACK]
So cold.
Pikachu, use Iron Tail.
[IRON TAIL MOVE]
VANILLITE/VANILLUXE/VANILLISH
[HAPPY]
[ATTACK]
Alright. All three of you
did a totally amazing job.
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Okay, Pikachu,
use Thunderbolt.
Frogadier, you use Water Pulse.
Alright, Luxio, Swift.
Fennekin, Flamethrower.
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[WATER PULSE MOVE]
[SWIFT MOVE]
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[explosion]
‐ It's..
‐ Blast off..
Time.
Alright!
[HAPPY]
[all cheering]
Hmm.
[GRATEFUL]
[HAPPY]
SERENA
I'm so happy that your friends
were able to find
you, Vanillite....
[AGREEMENT]
‐ Yeah, me too!
‐ Yeah, bye‐bye.
DEDENNE
[AGREEMENT]
And, sir, we owe you
a huge debt of gratitude
for everything you did.
SERENA
And the Grass‐type Pokémon too.
Yeah, thank you
for everything.
[AGREEMENT]
Well, it was nothing.
Now, young man..
[SURPRISED]
Life isn't always
about traveling head on.
Sometimes you have to
take the side roads instead.
Remember that.
Okay. You bet!
[Ramos laughing]
Good.
I like your spirit, son.
Thank you very much, Ramos.
Where have I heard that name?
Hi. My name's Serena.
And Bonnie's my name.
This is my friend, Dedenne.
And my big brother.
I'm Clemont.
And I'm Ash.
And this is my partner, Pikachu.
[HAPPY]
See, I came here
so I could have a battle
at the Coumarine City Gym.
Oh, a Gym battle, eh?
I'm sure the Gym Leader
there would be
more than happy
to accept your challenge.
‐ Huh?
‐ Well, then, see you again.
‐ Goodbye, sir.
Oh? Oh.
That man's
a Grass‐type Gym Leader.
[all gasp]
Yes, I'm
the Coumarine Gym Leader.
I'll be waiting for you.
NARRATOR Not only were our
heroes able to get past
the disturbing events
that gripped Coumarine City
but also the powerful
Grass‐type master
who helped them turned out
to be none other than Ramos
the Coumarine City Gym Leader.
The time for Ash's
Coumarine City Gym battle
is here,
and we'll soon find out
if Ash is able
to defeat Ramos
and get his fourth
Kalos Gym badge
as the journey continues.
[theme music]